hi its seventh win geeks and I'm here
with the griffin survivor case for the
iphone 5 reviewed the iphone full
version not long ago and the iphone 5 is
a slightly different design to it but
the principle is basically the same so
it's been designed to offer the maximum
protection for your iphone 5 as you can
see it's got this belt clip on the back
which is easily removable like so and
then you're left with the actual case so
basically what you've got is there's a
hard plastic inner shell and then a
tough rubber outer coating so the shows
in two parts you clip your phone into
the bottom part of the shell then you
attach the rubber coating to it and then
the top half of the shell clips on and
keeps the rubber coating in place it's a
smart design because it means that the
rubber is not going to come off and then
the shelves aren't going to come apart
either as you can see it's a relatively
bulky I say but it's nice and grippy to
hold I like the fact it's got a built-in
screen protector on there which
definitely doesn't get in the way of
actually operating the phone at all and
the buttons on there the quite far away
from the actual edges of the case we've
got nice long protrusions running it
from the outside of the case in size
you've got good control for you lock
your volume and your home button as you
can see that's nice and easily
accessible they're essential ports come
with little openings on them so there's
your silent switch you can report back
here and so on and so forth you're
charging port on that side there usually
though the speaker was always left
uncovered so with the built-in screen
protector you have to worry about
attaching your own and it's also i know
for a fact i've been designed to handle
moistures you don't want to dunk it in
water but it can withstand in a fair
amount of rain dust it's been vibration
tested and overall designed to take a
real impact and not damage your phone 35
pounds so it's a bit more expensive than
most of your iphone 5 cases out there
but then it does offer a fair level
extra protection so if you don't mind
the extra size and you're looking for
additional protection with phone if
you're a bit rough with it
I think the griffin survivor is
definitely worth taking a look at
especially as it's quite a bit cheaper
than some of the other tough cases on
the market which gives it a distinct
advantage so that's a griffin survivor
for the iphone 5 definitely worth
looking at if you want a nice tough case
for your iphone thanks watching guys and
I'll see you next time